README.md, before:

# Milestone-Project-1-Browser-Game

I like 'Choose Your Own Adventure' or Decision-Based type games where your choices determine the outcome, like the Walking Dead games for example so I decided to try and make one myself. It's a very basic one obviously, as I'm still trying to learn how & incorporate to use all the front-end languages I've learned so far. 

The goal of the game is to escape the city which had a virus outbreak, before they bomb it. A basic survival game. There's multiple pathways and choices that can leave users stranded and lose the game but if they make the right choices, then they manage to win, escape the city and play again if they so choose.

I managed to add some music and sound fx but I wanted to add more along with setting images to go with each pathway but had trouble doing so. I tried a few different methods which is in my code, but couldn't figure it out. I also need to make it so that ID#7 only reflects options based on the decision made in ID#2 (i.e. if the user chose get new battery in ID#2, then they should only be shown options 'Run Away' and 'Replace car battery' in ID#7).

Commit message:

audio not working in live deployed link, only in Go Live mode from VS code, not sure why

README.md, after:

# Milestone-Project-1-Browser-Game

I like 'Choose Your Own Adventure' or Decision-Based type games where your choices determine the outcome, like the Walking Dead games for example so I decided to try and make one myself. It's a very basic one obviously, as I'm still trying to learn how & incorporate to use all the front-end languages I've learned so far. (Although for some reason the BG music only plays when I Go Live from my VS code, it's not playing in the deployed live link (even though the button click sound effects are)

The goal of the game is to escape the city which had a virus outbreak, before they bomb it. A basic survival game. There's multiple pathways and choices that can leave users stranded and lose the game but if they make the right choices, then they manage to win, escape the city and play again if they so choose.

I managed to add some music and sound fx but I wanted to add more along with setting images to go with each pathway but had trouble doing so. I tried a few different methods which is in my code, but couldn't figure it out. I also need to make it so that ID#7 only reflects options based on the decision made in ID#2 (i.e. if the user chose get new battery in ID#2, then they should only be shown options 'Run Away' and 'Replace car battery' in ID#7).
